[docs] Rename Expo client to Expo Go (#11747)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/testing-on-devices.md

title: Testing on physical devices
---

The best way to interactively test and verify the behavior and feel of your app as you change code is by loading it in the Expo Go app, as described in other guides.

There are several ways to get the client app into a test environment.

> ## Install Expo Go App from a device's App Store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install Expo Go from a device's App Store
```

This is the simplest and easiest way, and the one we recommend for all developers.

> ## Build Expo Go App on your computer and side-load it onto a device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build Expo Go on your computer and side-load it onto a device
```

[The client apps are open-source](https://github.com/expo/expo), and their readme contains instructions on how to compile them locally and install them onto devices attached to your computer by a USB cable.

> ## Run Expo Go App on your computer in a device Emulator/Simulator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run Expo Go on your computer in a device emulator/simulator
```

> [The client apps github repository](https://github.com/expo/expo) also includes instruction on how to build and run the iOS Client App in the Xcode Device Simulator, and the Android Client App in the Android Studio Device Emulator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The Expo Go GitHub repository](https://github.com/expo/expo) also includes instruction on how to build and run Expo Go for iOS on the Xcode device simulator, and Expo Go for Android on the Android Studio device emulator.
```
